and welcome to another episode of between sermons where we are continuing our conversation from sunday and this is going to be a fun conversation because we kicked off our mission series one of the things you're going to learn quickly about disciples church if you don't know us very well is we really do care about missions we got a heart for the nations
And so we're going to be able to talk about that a little bit today.
We had a very interesting, very different kind of service on Sunday.
So this is going to create maybe a very different kind of podcast as we continue that conversation.
But to do that, I've got the lovely Taisha Beasley.
How's it going?
How are you doing?
I thought we agreed to sound.
To make your soundtrack.
Anyway, I don't think we agreed on that at all.
When I get my content creation person is going down.
No, I'm happy to be here.
Is that a post-production thing?
Afterwards, so you can just pause and...
They got it out like hue.
You should have told me.
I'd have been the sound effect.
I didn't know.
Well, next time we have you on here.
So, speaking of, thank you for joining us, Pastor Asa.
You're welcome.
You are always a great...
addition to the show.
Praise the law.
Are you rocking your Japan head?
I think you had that on last time.
I possibly did, but this time is for a reason.
It was a reason at time too, but I mean, it's missions month around here.
So why not?
And that's one of our trips for twenty twenty six Japan and June be there.
Why are you having a sigh?
Are we?
Because that bears one, right?
It's obviously.
Okay.
Come on, let's go bears.
Four and two.
Somebody give me a hand.
Mine's gonna say make it decipherable.
But no, the bears won on Sunday, like that's something that I get to wear bear skier in pride, not out of shame.
Oh my goodness.
That's the thing, shame around here.
Yeah, because I still wear, I support the bears if they're oh and 15.
But do you really?
Yes 100% joke, like every Sunday almost.
I joke with my kids, I still love them.
What type of love is this?
I'm a fan, but I'm also a realist and the bears are really bad most of the time.
Do not love me the way that you guys love the bears.
It's like talking about them one day through.
No, but we're we're foreign to we beat a team that has a hard time beating a wet paper bag.
and so you got to beat who's in front of you.
It's okay.
You win by one point two weeks in a row.
You beat the Saints.
You just got to do a schedule.
Beat who's on the schedule.
That's right.
Before turnovers.
Come on.
It was a great.
It was an exciting game to watch if you like bears defense.
Is that why you have more energy today?
No, not at all.
This is this is fake energy.
I don't know.
I don't know what's going on.
I don't know, I was telling my wife how to drive into to work today like I I don't know what it is because what we did like nothing yesterday or Saturday or Friday like I took like two days I played video games like most of the day.
Took care of a couple of house chores, mowed the lawn, did a couple things, but for the most part, I did nothing and I was exhausted the entire time.
Honestly, I don't know if it's jet lags still kind of affecting me.
Plus I was sick right when we got back and I preached three services and then it was just all of that.
And then my wife was gone because she went with you at New Jersey.
Yeah, we had a great time.
Yeah, so I was solo with kids and it was just, man, being sick and jet lagged and three services and then kids.
So I was just exhausted and so like this morning we were driving in I'm like I have no excuse like after certain like and all I did was host service on Sunday But after service we went home and I just watched TV and kind of crashed on the couch And woke up this morning got the kids off the school and I'm just staring at the mirror like I'm tired it's age I'm telling you
I am old.
That did happen.
You're just saying that because you're older than me.
No, that's part of it too, but it's not age.
It's just our bad eating habits, our bad sweet habits.
We do it to ourselves half the time.
Absolutely do.
100%.
Okay.
I guess we do.
I guess.
We're still getting used to our dysphoria stuff.
You've been in it for a while.
You figured it out.
I figured out a long time ago.
It ain't the age problem.
It's me.
I'm the problem.
I still want to just blame somebody else.
Anything.
Anything's better than taking responsibility over, right?
So, you have no yesterday.
We had a great service.
It was actually pretty
a great moment for the creative team here because we just had the opportunity to put together like you had all the videos all the video we had a lot of videos the display so it was just really good the production team was I mean Ruben's bringing out guitars in the middle of worship like strike in the state bringing in chairs like I mean they were like they were working today and I'm just sitting there going
What I started to bring out the guitar mic was that on the call?
Right, but I think it was good.
Yes.
It was just a good flow.
I think the energy was high for missions and I think missions is a big
piece for us here at Disciples Church.
And I would like to spend a little time there, because we have so many new members that are a part of Disciples Church.
So let's give a little bit of the history of missions here.
I don't know if you can give a little, but yeah.
Yeah, I don't know how little it's going to be, but I'll do my best.
So honestly, where we are with missions, I'd kind of break it down into like two categories, not categories, but like two reasons for it.
One is we were founded by a missionary.
like so founding pastor thought he was going to be a missionary for life like that was his heart his desire yes he learned how to pastor but he was he was always a missionary at heart finally got his the denomination who's a part of they assigned him and my mom to the Philippines they go to the Philippines and they're there for about a year my mother gets like verge of death sick and they end up having to come back home and even then they thought
We're going to come back home.
She's going to get healthy.
And we're going to go right back to the Philippines to continue workers missionaries.
And they took on a pastoral position in that meantime and kept asking the denomination, hey, when are you going to send us back?
When are you going to send us back?
And after like a year of them being back stateside, the denomination was like, I think that for your wife's health, it's better if you guys just stay here.
And that was honestly like my mom has talked about it before.
Like that was the most heartbreaking like ministry moment of her life.
Like it was
It was this idea that we've completely invested ourselves into this idea of being missionary, bringing the gospel to another country, living there with the people, doing all that.
And here we are stuck almost as pastors.
And so it's funny, we've had some pastor friends over the years that have quickly pointed out that my parents, they are
missionaries trapped in a pastor's body.
So our foundation as a church was missionaries.
Their heart was missions and their commitment to missions continued.
Part of that also comes from their experience as missionaries.
They realize how hard it is to get churches back home to support.
that the video we played yesterday, that financial imbalance, what do they call it?
The great imbalance.
Yeah, that that financial imbalance of men 99% of the missions giving is going to reach the nations instead of unreached nations, which there's a there's a quote.
I forget who said it.
I've used it before in sermons.
He talks about how if I see 10 men carrying a log, nine on the light and one on the heavy, which end are you going to go help?
And that's the heart behind our churches.
We're going to go help out on the heavy end that nobody's lifting.
And that would be missions specifically to the 1040 window into unreached people groups and all that.
So that's kind of one aspect of it.
The other aspect of it is by nature.
We rebranded our church as disciples' church.
We've got this call to discipleship.
Matthew 28, 19 is our go-to verse.
This is the foundation of it.
And the verse says, go into all the world.
So it's like we're supposed to go into the world and make disciples of all nations.
So there's this within the call to go and make disciples is this idea that it shouldn't just be right here.
It shouldn't just be our community.
Yes, we need to make disciples within our community, but those disciples within our community should be going out and making disciples outside of it.
And so we even talk about since in that instruction, it's it's Jesus says, go and make disciples of all nations teaching them to obey all that I've commanded you.
That includes the command to go and make disciples of all nations.
And so like the, the harsh reality, I guess that sometimes we talk about is you're not really a disciple.
until you are making a disciple.
Because if a disciple is somebody who is obeying all of the commands of Jesus, how could you neglect that one to go and make disciples?
And so for us, it's like, yeah, the nation's missions, it has to be a part of every disciple's heart to see people come to faith in Christ.
So that's why it's important to us.
Yeah.
Wow.
That's such a rich history.
But yeah, I agree.
When I saw Pastor Jerry yesterday, he was just so happy.
It's is happy space to be able to talk about missions to especially.
So yesterday we worked a lot with Elon and we do have to be a little bit cautious in this podcast.
How much we we talk about how many details we give out just because they are working in a country where this is illegal.
Right.
And so for their safety, that's why I like in video and stuff like faces are blurred out.
Names aren't being given and things like that.
So but that's
I know that Elon and the Iranian church and what God is doing in Iran and in Turkey and some other place in that region are just, it's amazing, it's incredible, it's huge, this explosion of the underground church.
And I think for my dad, specifically, it is one of the greatest privileges of his life to be able to say, I'm a part of this.
Like, I'm a part of this, this explosion of a million Christians underground.
in that nation.
And my dad knowing that he's been able to help train pastors and leaders in theirs is pretty, pretty awesome.
It's one of those videos you was talking about with the other video that talked about the one guy who kind of started.
And you know, you if you've been around church, you've heard of like,
you know, sawing the seed and it benefiting somebody else, but it was so interesting what caught me with his testimony of the fact that he was well aware that he was just tilling the ground.
He wasn't necessarily even planting the seed.
That's what I love.
Like he got so deep with that quote.
If we pulled it up, like he's like, it's not that I'm planting the seed.
It's not even that I'm really plowing the field.
He's like, I'm just removing rocks.
Right.
And it's like, dude, like that the fact that you could dedicate your entire life
and say, I know that what I'm doing now, I'm not seeing fruit.
The next generation may not even see the fruit.
However, I know that what I'm doing now is preparing the way for the person that comes next to do more.
So I'm just taking rocks out of this field so that somebody else can come along and actually plow the ground, and then somebody else can come along and actually plant the seeds, and somebody else can come along and actually water it.
And that's actually what we're seeing in Iran now is the efforts of those men over generations.
but being able to have that foresight that, hey, what I'm doing is of the utmost importance because in the future and to care so much about what God will do for the generations after you're gone.
Man, that's a serious commitment and that's a serious... Can you imagine dedicating your entire life to a people group and seeing one salvation from your entire life, just one?
No, I can't imagine, but it's good on a much smaller scale.
So like some of the stuff we did not to jump to Japan, but it reminded me of some of the things we did in Japan.
Some of the outreaches that we did was literally geared toward winning one person in Christ.
And we doing this big production over this one person they've been working on all of this time.
It's like, man, we haven't been able to get this person to come in our doors.
But they said, she said yes to cooking for y'all.
But when she left, she was so touched by just the love and just being able to have conversation.
And it was just their whole thing is trying to get people to just experience the love of Christ and community and give them time.
They'll come to know Jesus.
And that was, man, it was two definitely two different things.
Actually, three different things that we did that was dedicated to try to win one person.
And we put on a whole big production about it.
I was there the year before you.
And yeah, we did an entire outreach event.
There was like 20 people got mobilized to do this big outreach thing.
And it was all because there was a young man that had started to kind of come around.
And if they did the events, he would come.
And so they're like, OK, so we got to do the event because it gives us time to actually sit with this guy.
Wow.
That is a huge prospect of shift right there, because man, I feel like in America sometimes we do events to reach all of these people, but to go and serve in different parts of the world and do this big production for the wine.
Look at you.
Hey, come on now.
Explain to everybody why you just got all excited.
Well, I got excited and tingling inside was because just, you know, our creative team, I remember we were in, we're talking about putting this series together and what missions should feel like and all of us kind of like landed on, like the series should be called for the one.
And it kind of goes with the B1 make one model that you kind of laid before us with this type of church.
And so we thought this was the
flip side to like doing it in community and going out for the one and so it's really just resting with all of us like for the one like we everything we do putting getting on these mission trips talking about missions is for the one so
Yeah, it's that important and just because that one could be that next person that's picking up the rocks for a whole generation.
So as much as we only able to see some of the small wins, man, you never know the plan that God got for somebody and the impact that they may have just by them coming to Christ.
So it really is a team effort, but the more people we can get in on this thing, the more people can actually come to know Jesus before us too late.
So it's that important.
It really is.
Yeah.
So I mean,
I will be honest, before we came to Disciples Church, David and I were like, not really sure about this mission thing.
We didn't really hear about it in different church spaces.
So for people who may kind of be like, on the fence, like, why can't I do missions in Chicago?
Or why is it so important for me to get a passport and go overseas?
spread the gospel why can't I do that here in my neighborhood like maybe share a little bit about that well just a quick easy thing is you can you can do both you can do it here you can do it there and then the scripture said do both do it here and do it there so go in all the world so I mean that's just the basics of it you can do both and it's just as important to do both but what I've learned is if you feel like you should do something that God's pushing you toward and you do it
Somebody's gonna be blessed and you're gonna be blessed like you both gonna be blessed So my experience with missions and two different experiences one my first trip was to the Philippines and there We're around a whole lot of believers, but we're around a whole lot of poverty.
So it's this one
you know, the impoverished part was so touching to me.
Then Japan, we around really know not many believers at all, but people that have plenty, but I was able to see their need for Jesus.
So it's still able to see like both needs, like you see this people that like, oh man, they can go buy food, but they really, really need Jesus, because you can see something's missing.
You can see the emptiness, you can see that.
And you just know that there's hopelessness,
Some of it plays out in the stats of the Japanese people and the stats of suicide are rather high for a nation that is well off financially.
So anyway, so my experience seeing both sides of that is really cool.
I'm glad that I've been able to see both because sometimes you think, oh, well, we just need to help the poor.
But at the end of the day, yeah, we do.
But the goal of all of it is to get people to Jesus, poor, rich in between.
So to be able to experience both of those has been pretty interesting to me.
That's good.
Yeah, for us, we just categorize it differently.
So there are churches in Chicago where missions for them is the old lady on the street corner that's passing out tracks.
Like that's missions and we're going to support this missionary and the missionary has never even left the state.
We would categorize that as outreach.
So outreach is the local effort.
Missions is the foreign effort.
And so for us, when we talk a lot about missions, it's not to negate
evangelism or outreach.
In fact, we probably have more outreach events happening on a regular basis at Decibel Search than we ever have.
We're going to get that information.
Where's that?
Where can you get that information?
We're doing outreach.
You can also get it on the website.
What?
Slash outreach.
And we've got this a variety of things.
We're partner with a bunch of different organizations providing food, shelter,
clothing, just all kinds of stuff, and then just straight of angelism.
That should absolutely be happening.
Yeah, so for people that say, why don't we do X instead of focusing so much on Y?
It's like, well, first of all, we do X and Y, because the Bible tells us in Judea and Samaria and in the outermost parts of the world.
So we're supposed to start where we are in our city and then expand out from there.
But I think it goes back to the quote that I use about the log, that great imbalance video that we saw, like there is something about, like my wife and I were talking about it on our drive home yesterday, because we're just comparing it to Joy's experience in Iran and talking about the hairdresser story, how this woman been praying for five years for the opportunity to meet another Christian.
Yeah.
We can't even wrap our minds around that.
I mean, the fact I drive from Tinley Park to Manhattan, where I live, it's a 30-minute drive.
In that 30-minute drive, I, without exaggeration, two dozen, three dozen, four dozen churches all pass on that drive.
I'm passing plenty of opportunity to meet other Christians.
So when you live in the US and you are not a believer, it's by choice.
When you live in some of the countries that we work in and you're not a believer, a lot of times it's not by choice, it's by ignorance.
Literally, we talk with people who have never heard the name Jesus before, which sounds so crazy because we're surrounded by it.
And it sounds crazy because it's like, well, doesn't the internet, don't they have the internet?
And some of these places, well, no, they don't.
And even places that do, it's not part of culture, it's not part of what's around them.
And so even if they know something, they don't know much, like even Joyce testimony.
She's like, I didn't really know Jesus, even though in Islam, we recognize Jesus as a prophet.
So we knew stuff about Jesus, but she was like, but then all of a sudden I start reading the Bible and I realized like the stuff that we had been told about Jesus is not true.
And so like we want to target, we want to go to places where the opportunity to hear the gospel is just not present.
stood out to me in her testimony was all of the we're gonna just call it what it was the supernatural encounters she had with the Holy Spirit and it just made me wonder if
that needed to be done for her to establish a relationship with Jesus.
It was kind of like, we don't hear a lot of that here in the United States, but her coming to Christ was very supernatural.
So I don't know, was it?
Man, were you in the car with us yesterday?
Like we were having that same exact conversation.
I was not, but yeah.
Because we were talking about the difference between need and want.
Yeah.
And we basically talked through, because she mentioned that whole like, why do Iranians have so many dreams about Jesus and meet him in a dream?
And yet, like Americans are like, I would love to see Jesus have a dream.
And it's the difference between a need and a want.
Like, without that dream,
For an Iranian, the chances of them coming to faith in Christ is very, very low.
They need that moment because they're living in a place where there is no billboard that says, God Jesus.
Isn't that one that's here in Chicago?
You're not going to see it.
And so Jesus visiting in a dream, it's a necessity.
Whereas for us, we'd be like, wouldn't that be so neat?
Like, wouldn't it be so cool?
I want to write a book about it.
And then even for non-believers in the US that would say, yeah, but if Jesus showed up to me in a dream, then I would believe.
And it's like, the Bible actually even says, blessed are those who believe without seeing.
Yeah.
Right?
And so, like, I think that there is a faith component to this, but there's a need versus want.
One thing that's really interesting, and I wish we had time to really dig into it with her,
But Elon, one of the things that they do is they train up Iranians in Turkey, and I think I'm safe in saying some of this, because Turkey and Iran have a very easy relationship.
Turkey is open to Christianity and things because it's a tourist-built nation.
And they know that if they strike down on Christianity, then they lose their tourism.
So Turkey is very like, hey, we're staying out of this one, guys.
But that becomes a vacation destination for Iranians.
So they can come in to Turkey for like three months.
It's like a three month visa that's easy to get.
It's basically there's like practically no restriction.
So what they do is they set up a 90 day Bible schools.
And so they do like crash course.
And it's all day, every day.
Like it's not like a couple of hours here.
No, it's like it's intensive, three month program.
You get trained to be a pastor, then you go back into Iran as an underground church pastor.
And so when I was in Turkey, I got to go and visit the building where they're housing this in.
And there was about a dozen people there.
Of the dozen, I would say eight of them had a dream of Jesus.
before they became Christian.
The four that didn't have a dream still had some kind of like supernatural component to it.
It was like, I was having a really bad day and I'm in a taxi and all of a sudden the taxi driver is like, hey, are you okay?
Can I pray for you?
Which is like, that's not like here in the US.
You knew that no problem.
But like, that was a huge risk for the driver to say that.
Another one it was like a fairly similar story on a subway or on a bus or something But the eight that had a dream like it was just it was amazing hearing their stories hearing the testimony because we just asked all 12 of them just tell us how they became Christian because That's it's a powerful story every time you ask.
Yeah, it's not well, you know my parents were Christian and I was born into it or I was
raised by it, or I was having a really hard time.
So I went to my local church and I found Jesus there.
And like, that's not the testimonies of Iranians.
It's, man, it's, it's, there's so much supernatural in the part of it, which is really cool to see.
Yeah.
No, that was awesome to hear.
But Pastor Aceo, what, I know you go on mission trips.
That's something you encourage all your leaders to do here, Pastor Brent.
But do you feel like there was a moment where you felt like,
Can you say you can be called to a mission trip or is it just like you should just go?
Being called to a specific trip or any trip or missions in general?
Is mission something you feel like you are called to?
I mean, I feel like I've heard that.
I just feel like I wanted to be a missionary.
I was calling me to do that.
So for myself, when I was in Bible school,
My wife was wanting to know, why are you in Bible school?
And I'm like, I don't know.
I feel like I'm in Bible school, because God told me to go.
So I'm in Bible school.
And she would say, do you want to be a pastor?
Do you want to be this?
And I'm like, Tracy, I don't, I don't know.
No, I was like, no, I really don't want to be a pastor.
That's the thing I know I don't want to be is a pastor.
I'm taking one step.
I'm asking me about 20 minutes.
She needed the rest.
I didn't need it.
And literally the only answer I could give her
I would always land on.
The only thing I could see myself doing, and then I would give the caveat, but you're not gonna do this is I would love to just go do missions and be in the middle of nowhere doing missions.
And she's like, yeah, we're not doing that.
So I don't have you there for that.
That's the only thing I could land on that actually like, that sounds cool.
And I don't even know where that came from.
If I think about it, I guess I grew up in a church where there was a lot of African missions going on at least
I didn't necessarily see people going.
I know we sent a lot of money there.
So I probably gave as a kid toward missions to Africa and different things like that.
So I don't know where that seed was planted in me to like missions.
But that was the only thing I could come up with.
Like missions sound good.
I'd be glad to go live somewhere and do missions.
And Tracy was like, no.
So from that standpoint, something in me likes missions.
I will say that.
And I didn't just come up with that.
But when it comes to like specific trips,
Yeah, God can surely call you to a specific trip or call you to missions in general.
How it happened for me?
I signed up for the Panama trip, which was supposed to happen in 2020.
Got canceled.
I don't remember why I signed up for that trip.
I don't even know.
It might have just been timing.
Signed up for it.
That was supposed to be Jaden's first missions experience.
Okay.
Yeah.
And it was postponed or it was canceled.
So when we start going on mission trips again,
I literally was like, well, I don't already raised this money.
I need to go somewhere.
And the next trip that was up, that worked on the schedule was the Philippines.
So the guy called me to go to the Philippines.
Yeah, I can't tell you that.
I just went because that was the next trip on the docket.
But something in me does, like missions.
And then Japan, I was told I was going to Japan.
So yeah, so that's kind of.
I wonder who told you.
But both of them, I would say, have been super impactful in my life.
I feel like I hopefully impacted people where I was at.
So it was good in both ways.
Yeah, I think there's room for both.
I think there's a space of just pure obedience of like, look, God told me to go because he told all of us to go.
And so I'm going to go.
And my church is offering these six options.
And of the six, that one sounds cool.
Never been there.
I wanted to go there.
We try not to treat missions as a vacation, but the number of people that go on a trip simply because they really want to be in that country is pretty high.
And I don't think that's necessarily a bad thing.
Now, if you neglect the work so you can take pictures and be a tourist, like, okay, that's not okay.
But if you're like, man, I've never been to Japan before.
I love Japanese culture.
I love sushi and anime.
Don't on the Japan trip, why not?
I get a lot of that with Japan.
A lot of people are like, I just always wanted to go to Japan.
I love all of those things you said.
I'll be honest, when we first connected with Pastor Fabio and they're like, we're going to do a Japan trip.
Dibs.
I get to be the guy to lead that one the first time out.
First of all, it's a first time trip, which means you never know what's going to happen.
But my son loved Japanese stuff and I love Japanese stuff.
And it was like, this will be a cool father-son moment.
So I was like, all right, I'm leading Japan.
Jaden, you're coming with.
Let's go.
I love that.
I mean, that's a spoil.
Any of the things coming up for the next week, but it does highlight
going on mission trips with your kids like that's one of the videos we're gonna highlight but I love that I know there's a trip I'm eyeing right now from this Sunday and we're gonna unpack those trips in this episode I can't wait to hear what Taisha's gonna go next year already there's two places one I have to go to
You can probably get one that I want to go through with my family.
Can you guys?
You want to say the Philippines have to go to the Philippines.
I'm like, I'm pretty sure Pastor Chris has asked you to go to the Philippines like 18 times.
And somehow you've gotten there zero times.
Zero times.
And this year I felt like I felt
got was like you're gonna go past the Christmas like you might maybe with her voice her voice way heavy like all right and then family you want to go UK yes I know my people will know your people my people will think she's gonna be shopping that's why she's gonna go in the middle of service so leans over to me and she's like
we're leading the uk and like no lily field is like and she's like no but we'll we'll be like the the represent like why she's like because we're gonna bring Bennett and we're gonna stay and we're gonna go to some time in games we're gonna do all this stuff I'm like if we're leading the trip we can't stay like extra like she's like no but like we're gonna go and then we'll just we'll pay extra to like stay I'm like who's gonna lead the team back for this day like soul is just like
She's committed.
I don't know how I'm going to break into her.
That's not how that works.
Yesterday I was talking to your husband and I was like, where is it?
I'm like, your son going?
Where is he going to be?
I was like, is he staying with the McQuaids?
Why y'all going for that week?
So this thing going to work.
The sad thing that my wife was just in England with Bennett for a soccer tournament like a year or two ago and I'm like, you already got to go, like calm down.
So let's go back.
So what are our trips this year?
Let's reveal though.
Let me pull them up so I don't miss any of them.
So we know where are you going, why he's pulling up the trips.
I am going to Japan on June 18th through the 30th and it's gonna be awesome.
It's gonna be good.
So yeah, I'm excited it was supposed to happen.
I'm supposed to be there right now, but we moved it to next year But I think that was a good thing.
I know pastor Fabio who's the pastor in Japan He has the desire because we're one of the teams that bring young people that brought young people the first two years So his hope and prayer is that because our trip is in the summer
that a few more young people would be able to go.
As the leader, I really don't want to try to keep alive other people's kids, but I did it last time so I guess I can do it again.
And I would say like young people like 16 to 30 is a great range for Japan because
A huge part of their church is in that bracket.
Pastor Fabio has like 18 kids all under the age of 25.
His own personal, it's not 18.
It's only 17.
But it just feels like a lot of kids.
And they're like from the age of what, the youngest is what, three or four, you know?
Yeah, she probably five or six now.
Five or six?
Yeah, it's been a couple of years.
kids do age, don't they?
They do.
This is just three or four when you were there two and a half years ago.
And then so yeah, so they've got a bunch of kids that are in that like high school, early college range.
And so I know for his family a big thing about trips that we teach all of our teams is
You go there to minister to three groups of people, you minister to your actual team, then you minister to the pastor and the church that you're a part of, their family, that organization, and then you minister to the people broadly, in a sense.
And so like going to Japan specifically, that's a big part of that is to encourage Fabio and his family, because it is a 1%, I guess now 2%, or almost 2%.
Yeah, it seems like it's growing.
um, Christian nation.
And so you're, you're talking about a place where even though Christianity is not outlawed in any type of way, it's still such a cultural minority that you could be a Christian in Japan and have a really hard time finding other Christians.
Like it's not like here you're like, you might feel like you're the only one at work that's a Christian.
And then you pull out your Bible and somebody's like, Oh, me too.
And it's like, there's others in Japan, most likely not.
Um, and so you're there to encourage them when life gets lonely.
But a big part of their ministry is actually using English to reach people.
So they do a lot of events and things around teaching English or creating opportunities for English conversations, because a lot of people will study English, but they need somewhere to practice.
And being able to practice with an actual native English speaker is huge.
That's a value that a lot of people don't get.
Because like when you're taking English in a Japanese school, most likely you're learning from somebody who speaks English as a second or third or fourth language.
And so they're speaking with a Japanese accent or something.
So when you get a chance to actually talk with a native speaker, it makes a huge impact.
And so they capitalize on that, which means because they're using English, it's also they're hitting a lot of younger people.
So they're in college campuses and they're reaching a lot of just
in that young working professional and high school and college kids.
And so bringing a team full of 80 year olds.
It's hard to connect there.
But if you bring a team of 20-year-olds, it's perfect.
And the nature of it is a whole lot of walking and moving around.
It's a very physical trip.
Yeah, we stay on the third floor of the church and there's no elevators.
So you need to be able to move around and go up and down.
The best restaurant you're going to eat at is a long uphill walk.
Wow.
I think your grandmother went to school.
I mean, we had, Zion was winded.
on that walk.
Zion is, you know, he's what, 19 now, a college student, physically fit, plays volleyball, and he was winded on that walk.
So, yeah.
It's a physical trip, but it's a good one.
All right, you want to go in order?
Yeah, let's do it.
We got Philippines.
This is the one you're going on.
So this is a DC women-only trip.
So guys, I apologize.
You are not going to the Philippines this year.
because it is to put on a women's retreat.
The difference for us between a retreat and a conference retreat means you're going to be at a table with Filipino women connecting personally.
Conference is like everybody just sits there and listen to a speaker talk.
And so we try and do retreats when we bring a team because it creates more relationship.
Benefit of the Philippines is lovely people like the most just
Servant-hearted, just caring, smiling, laughing.
The happiest people you'll meet.
Most likely, if you run into a Filipino in the US, it's in some kind of service industry, because that's just where they grab.
You're gonna see them in hotels, you're gonna see them in medical professions, as nurses.
It's just because there's something about Filipinos that just wanna love on people and serve them.
And so going there, our goal every trip we take is to out-serve
whoever we're there with, Philippines is the only place we fail every time.
It doesn't matter how much we try and serve, they're gonna outdo us.
And so it's just a beautiful, beautiful country.
English is not necessarily the native language for everybody, but just about everybody you interact with will speak English.
To the point where actually our last trip there, they didn't even bother translating any of the services.
So now I don't know how many people
understood everything I was saying as I'm preaching for 45 minutes.
But you'll absolutely be able to connect with people, have conversation.
It's a it's a great I love the Philippines for like a first experience for people because it is just such a It's perfect.
Okay.
Philippines, the unique thing about the Philippines is that where we go and where we minister is very Christian.
So we try and target like 1040 window, we try and go to places that aren't, and there are areas of the Philippines that are not, there's Muslim controlled areas of the Philippines, but where we go and devout, it's very Christian.
The church there is somewhere between 3,000 and 4,000 people in that church.
When we first connected with them, it was like 300 people, and they've just exploded.
They've got 40-something campuses now that were considered their founders.
They call them Papa Jerry and Mama Chris over there.
So it's like, I guess, the grandparents of the church.
OK.
But yeah, so that's good stuff.
Philippines is awesome.
Questions, comments, concerns about Philippines?
No, not right now.
Maybe a leap before.
Beautiful.
All right, that's in April.
And then Japan.
And they will be here.
And they actually Bishop Hurley will be here this Sunday.
So he'll be telling you more about what God's doing in the Philippines and preaching a message and encouraging us.
I love the Montez family.
It's a really cool family, really cool legacy.
His father had eight kids, all eight kids are pastors now.
Bishop Hurley has four kids, all four kids are pastors in the ministry.
Joel, his son, who's the executive pastor,
His oldest is also named Jaden and is like the little evangelist that's just like going out in the streets and just telling people like it's just a family just loves God.
It's a really cool thing.
How old is he now?
Is he 13 maybe?
Yeah, he'd be basically the same age.
So we had Jaden.
Our Jaden is a slightly older.
Okay.
So I think their Jaden is probably 14.
Mine is 15.
And I think he falls in between.
But he might actually be 15.
It depends on when his birthday is.
I forget.
So that's Philippines.
Japan we already told you about.
That's June 18th to the 30th.
Then we got Paraguay, which is a very unique trip for us.
It's the first time we've tried this.
There is an organization that we've been in relationship with for a few years now.
I got to have lunch with one of their reps and my dads had some interactions with their founder and some other people.
But it's an organization called Global Ventures.
And basically what they do is, especially for churches that don't have a strong missions component.
But we thought, you know, this might be a good addition to what we're already doing.
So Global Ventures, what they do is they organize usually about four or five trips a year.
that is open to any, any Christians to come to.
So churches all over the country will join together with Global Ventures.
So they, they take much larger teams because they're getting people from all over the place.
And so we're going to work with them on this Paraguay chip.
So if you sign up for that one, there's going to be a little bit of like double duty.
We got to fill you out forms for Global Ventures and get you connected to their team.
They're the ones that are actually going to be hosting everything.
But it's a lot of street evangelism in Paraguay.
Some stuff in schools, sharing testimonies, maybe doing some dramas and things like draw a crowd in the streets.
And then all of it kind of culminates with like this big event where they bring everybody that you've been working with all week.
Evangelizing to all week in the schools, you're inviting them back to this thing at this big event.
There's a whole production that's put on and it's really cool.
organization and really excited about what they do.
And like I said, they do like three or four or five of these a year.
And so we looked at the Paraguay one and it was rated an easy entry point.
We thought that would be good for for families.
So Paraguay is a big family trip.
So if you're like, Hey, I really want to go on a mission trip with my 10 year old and my 13 year old, Paraguay would be perfect for that kind of thing.
Then we got Panama.
That's our DC students trip happening sometime in July.
We don't have firm dates on it yet We're still working with our contact there.
This would be the second year in a row that we've gone to Panama But Panama was actually I led the Panama team Like a decade ago.
Maybe like this is a this is a long-term relationship actually our partners there used to be in outer Mongolia and
Wow.
And so we actually took a team with them in Outer Mongolia, which was a lot of fun.
I was part of that.
We got to drink horse milk, which I do not recommend.
Nope, not a not a good thing.
Yeah, it's no it's a and it's fermented like it's yes.
It's it's quite disgusting.
However, that was a lot of fun.
Anyways, that has nothing to do with Panama.
You won't drink any horse milk in Panama.
You might.
But Panama is a really cool trip.
It is a decent
students trip however that doesn't mean you have to be a teenager to go it just means like if you go as an adult you do need to know that you're going to be going almost as like a leader chaperone to help with the youth that are going but we do need adults to on the trip as well but you'll work with with Pastor Harry over DC students to connect with with the people there it's a really cool country one of the things that we do there is we're working with an indigenous people group in the area
and what we discovered last year is why we're going back this year is actually we discovered last year that their well had collapsed several years ago and they had been trying to raise money to rebuild it and have been failing and so this village is really struggling with clean water right now and so Harry saw that
And it just broke his heart.
And he said, you know what, I think we can do something about this.
So that Panama trip is going to be more than just the trip.
And you'll hear more from them about this, but they're going to be raising money to actually redo the well.
I love that.
So it's going to be really cool.
But in that trip, you'll also interact with the local church.
You'll do some street evangelism.
You'll work in schools kind of doing a little bit of the classic missions experience all through Panama.
And the best cheeseburger I've ever had in my life was in Panama.
Wow.
Really?
Yes.
Best cheeseburger I've ever had, man.
It was fresh ingredients cooked on the back of some dude's truck.
It was super sketchy.
Oh, it's hypobacterium.
Absolutely the kind of thing that could kill you.
Well, man, was it good.
The worst I ever had was the Philippines.
And y'all didn't warn me that they do something different.
Oh, yeah, we should have in that burger.
Yeah, the Philippines burger.
We usually were warned people.
Yeah, well, y'all didn't warn us.
We were standing there waiting.
We were in the airport in Manila.
Okay.
And I'm like burger.
And it was, oh, oh, I took one bite and I'm like, that don't taste normal.
You can get good burgers.
Ben Pascale Chris was like, oh yeah.
It depends on if they make it Filipino style.
There's a spice that they put in it that just doesn't taste right.
Yeah.
To an American palette.
But my last day, the Philippines, this trip, I went with a guy that actually was an intern here years ago, Eric and his discipleship group.
And they bought me a cheeseburger because
I don't know why.
But it didn't have the spice in it.
I'm the fat American guy.
It's got needs of cheeseburgers.
We hang out and talk cheeseburger.
It wasn't they didn't do the Filipino spice.
Okay.
We just offended all the jalabis and everybody out there.
McDonald's will be fine.
Yeah.
But I encourage people to try things on missions like eat the weird burger.
Eat it.
That way you can experience it.
My stomach is already not happy.
I do draw the line up balloon though.
I did try once though, but I'm not going to try a balloon again.
Let it be a surprise to those who are going.
Don't worry.
Nobody's going to make you eat balloon in their little beans.
All right.
I really feel like I need to tell people what balloon.
Do I skip it?
Do we just go on?
So Baloot is fermented duck egg, duck embryo.
So it's a fertilized egg.
So the duck is growing inside.
They bury it in the sand and there's a cooking process in the sand.
And so then it's, you know, like the Kinder Surprise, like the Kinder Eggs were like, you had a toy inside?
So it kind of functions like that in the sense that you don't know what you're getting.
So the idea is you crack open the top, you drink the fluid, and then you eat whatever's inside.
But the growth process, I think they even sell them with like three weeks, four weeks, five, to tell you roughly what it's gonna be.
But it was a mystery to me when I ate it.
Mine had feathers and a beak and eyes and eyes.
He's a good sport.
I'll try anything once.
All right.
Now that we've disgusted everybody on the call, you could also try some durian.
Durian, they say it smells like hell, but tastes like heaven.
From my experience, it tastes exactly like it smells.
And Jap and anybody else that's involved in the editing process of this podcast, I love you so much.
But God needs to deliver you from your obsession with Duryan because that is not a good thing.
It's not of God.
It is not of God.
I love you.
I love Filipinos so much.
Duryan?
It's making me clear.
No, that's not it.
Does Jap still do our final edit?
Oh, yeah.
They'll hear it all.
I think last year, I mentioned Jap in something and he tagged me in a post on it.
Don't tag me in this one.
They're going to all hate you now.
Bashing durian and balloon.
All right, moving on.
We got Cambodia.
I'm excited about Cambodia.
That's in Penanpen, the capital of Cambodia.
We haven't actually been able to go for several years.
Sadly,
The pastor that we worked with there, there was all kinds of issues that ended up happening.
And so we kind of felt like, man, I guess God closed the door here, but we were contacted recently by some of the leaders that were there when we'd come through and they're like, hey, we would love to have you back, even though pastor's not involved in the ministry anymore, we would love to have you.
So I kind of reopened this door.
Cambodia, another country that just really needs Jesus.
Very very difficult past in Cambodia the killing fields and some of the some of the things you'll learn the history of Cambodia.
There was there was just a really horrible horrific Past they've got that pretty much wiped out all the intellectuals all the doctors Kind of just almost completely destroyed a generation so the fact that they're able to rebuild and
and come back is huge.
So Cambodia ends up being similar to the Japan trip because they, at least when we were there before and I don't know how it is now, they utilize English a lot in their evangelism.
So they ran an English school and then
in the English school, they would offer extra credit or they would have nights where it's like, hey, if you want to practice what you've been learning, you can come to this event.
Well, the event was actually hosted by the church.
And so they used it as a door for the people.
But Cambodia is really cool.
We're going to be doing a children youth camp in Cambodia.
So it's going to be a lot of work with kids, young people.
It's the end of August, beginning of September, August 27th to September 7th.
But I love Cambodia.
Cambodia is a really cool trip.
I've been a part of in the past, so I'm excited that we get to go back.
You've been on all the trips so far.
Philippines, yes.
Japan, yes.
Paraguay, no.
Panama, yes.
Cambodia, yes.
United Kingdom is our next one.
And technically, yes, but not really.
OK.
So this is another new one for us.
Lily Field, which I don't think I have to do much to promote this because she's going to be here in two weeks.
OK.
I have a feeling that we're going to have to, like, limit the number of people that can actually go on the trip just because after hearing her talk from what I've heard from others that have listened to her before, everybody's going to want to go on this trip.
She just has such a passion and heart for missions and what she brings.
It's actually kind of funny.
We had several girls from Wheaton Bible College with us yesterday.
The basketball team come out because one of our former members is there.
And she brought her whole team, basically.
And after the service, they came running up to me.
They're like, OK, the lily field that's coming, is that from?
What's the name of the organization?
Yeah, from an ambassador's fellowship.
I was like, yeah, I think so.
I was like, she was at our chapel a couple of months ago and had us all just on the floor crying.
We've got to come back to hear her.
And so college girls loved her.
My dad loved her.
She was part of
Pastor Nii's missions conference that we host here at the church.
She came out for that a couple years ago and just made a real impact on Carlton and Pastor Jerry and some others and so she'll be here.
So she's leading that trip.
It is a very unusual trip for us.
We don't typically go to places like England because we do target more 1040 window.
What makes this trip a little bit unique is what Lilly specializes in in this UK trip is working with African immigrants.
to the country.
And so you're actually working with a lot of Muslims or former Muslims from countries within the 1040 window.
You are now living there.
So it's almost like you're getting to do 1040 window ministry, but in a non-1040 window country.
It's a little bit different.
Yeah.
That's what I am excited about, because I did learn a little bit about the trip, where I just was like, we're going to go to this one.
So it's not just that it's London, but the event of love sounds cold.
I think that's right up like David's ally.
I know David listens to like God logic and some of the other like, uh, apologists that really work with Muslims.
And so I'm sure that David is like itching to put some of that stuff into practice.
Absolutely.
I'm going to have them train me and you up so we know what to say.
But yeah, it'll be fine.
Just two words for you.
Islamic dilemma.
You learn that one and you're, you're good to go.
Okay.
Good.
All right.
And then the last trip technically isn't in 2026 and 2027.
It is our Senegal medical trip.
uh... we do that every it's actually we try and uh... space it out it's like every three years uh... maybe two-and-a-half years they try and alternate it but uh... we put on a medical clinic uh... in cinnagol so we bring as many doctors and nurses uh... and other as possible so if you are not a doctor or nurse you can still go on this trip you actually needed on this trip uh... for both spiritual and administrative roles so part of the spiritual is
When people are in line, you're praying with them, you're offering prayer to everybody that comes to the clinic.
So you're there as a spiritual support, but you're also there for administrative tasks, getting people processed, finding out what they're there for to make that process move a little bit smoother.
Because basically when the team shows up, it's in a place that doesn't have good medical access.
And so this clinic becomes life saving and life changing for a lot of people.
So we bring medication and all kinds of stuff.
It's a really cool, cool opportunity.
But we definitely, if you are a nurse and you're thinking about going on a trip, like that's probably a really good one for you to target.
Awesome.
Well, listen, DC, we have some amazing trips coming up.
Be praying now.
Start praying now.
Even talk to your group.
If you're in any life groups, talk with your group.
peers and see what trips you guys can go on together.
I think they'll be great.
That's awesome.
Yeah, so we're gonna land that plane.
What is the takeaway, Pastor Asa?
The takeaway.
Pray.
Give if you can and go.
Go on the trip.
The takeaway is it's important and the impact that you can have.
Justin going on a short term mission trip is a real impact.
Whether it's on
Um, the people you're ministering to or the family that you're there or organization that you're there supporting.
However, you will be blessed and others will be blessed.
So just do it.
What was your takeaway from yesterday?
Your personal takeaway.
That was for everybody else.
Oh, I'm sorry.
I didn't understand the question.
No, that was good.
But I just feel that I need some pull on that.
Take away from yesterday.
that we need to do more and get more serious about this Jesus thing.
And when I say, we start with me, but that was the takeaway was we got it really easy here.
And I don't know that we always consider that, that we consider ourselves and our comforts a lot more than we do Jesus sometimes.
So that's my takeaway.
For me, it's not necessarily a new takeaway.
I love Elon.
So the missions organization that was here on Sunday, Joy, who's on staff with them.
And if you got to meet Dan in the lobby who works with them as well.
So there's two missions organizations that whatever they ask for, I say yes.
Whatever they need, whatever they're doing, I want to be a part of it.
There's just two right now that have like a blank check from Brent.
And that's one hope, which we talk about a lot, which is they're the organization that's it's God's word for every child.
And it's not an audacious goal.
It's something they're actually accomplishing because they're already at over 2 billion kids have received God's word through their ministry.
So like, one hope says they're doing something.
I'm like, I'm there, whatever you need for me, we're there.
And the other is Elon.
After being a part of what they're doing in Turkey, working with some teenagers that have fled Iran,
for safety reasons because they were Christian and it got found out and so literally like ministry in Turkey talking to a brother and sister who said they were in the market in Iran and got a phone call from their pastor there they're already part of an underground church got a call from their pastor that said the the police have come the military's come you need to run don't go home don't grab your things just wherever you are here's an address in the mountains get to it and they will help you get into Turkey
And they literally from the market with their school bags still, they just fled into the mountains and ended up getting their way into Turkey and are now living as refugees in Turkey.
Working with them and seeing what Elon is doing to care for people, but also to bring the gospel into Iran is just whatever they want.
I'm there.
So we're starting a financial campaign.
Pastor Jerry announced it on Sunday.
where for $1,000 we can plant an underground church.
It's actually, it's $50 for every evangelism effort that they make.
So for one person to get the gospel, make a salvation decision, get onto a so far discipleship journey with somebody, it's about $50 per salvation essentially.
But for $1,000 you can actually equip and fund an underground church so that those converts have a place to gather and a pastor that they can train under and learn under.
man I hear that and so my dad gave the first thousand and some random guy in the service gave the second thousand and Sol and I we gave the third and so and I'm encouraging my my discipleship group to get on board one of the members of my group just came to me on Sunday and said I'm gonna do one by myself and so we're just I'm excited about it the goal right now is a hundred churches so we're trying to raise a hundred thousand dollars
uh... we got one member of the church that is already created a matching grant uh... basically so it's uh... if we raise fifty she'll match it uh... with another fifty so that would be the hundred churches uh... but i'm not i don't know why but i i said it yesterday and and usually i'm not the big faith guy
It's just really sad to say as the lead pastor.
I'm the realist.
I'm the guy that's looking at the numbers and looking at the budget.
My wife is like, we should just build a new building.
It would be so much better than three services.
I'm like, we need $20 million to build a new building.
I ain't got $20 million.
But I looked at that number, 100 churches, $100,000.
I think we knew more.
I think that as a church, if you really catch the vision and the heart of what God is doing in a nation like Iran,
And how much the gospel is needed in that place?
Like, I mean, what am I going to do with $1,000 that is going to even come close to matching the impact that that $1,000 could have?
Yeah.
So that's been that in eating out for a month.
For real?
Oh, yeah.
Yep.
And you got 10 weeks, $100 a week.
Yeah.
Some of you all cut up.
Starbucks and you save more than $100 in a week.
Because your Starbucks habits are crazy.
Right.
You're saying you're like, I'm a part of it.
I absolutely am.
I looked you dead in the eyes when I said it.
I didn't look at Asa.
I know Asa ain't buying no star.
Oh, I make coffee at home.
But your information is grounded coffee.
I go to the exclusive coffee house.
Oh, that must be worse.
Anyways, yeah, but now I just that's my takeaway is I love Elon.
Whatever they do, I wanna be a part of it.
How are we gonna further the gospel in a country that desperately needs Jesus and is hungry for Jesus?
That's the thing, man.
Japan desperately needs Jesus, but they're not hungry for it.
Iran, right for some reason right now that we talked about on Sunday, there's that old saying, strike while the iron's hot.
The iron is hot in Iran, so let's strike.
That's good.
I don't know how I follow up that takeaway.
I try to warn her.
Right.
I mean, I would just say I feel encouraged by the message by the home for the one mission series.
It's sparking a joy for like being a part of something that I don't think I've felt in a
Ever.
So I'm really excited for that spark of joy.
And I hope it's sparking a joy for you to be a part of.
We have the mission trips coming up.
We have a long project coming up.
We have just so many things happening this month, the next two weeks now.
But it's going to be continuing like this, the alarm campaign goes to the end of the year goes for the whole year.
So you have the whole year to kind of like get your ducats together.
Money money money money my two whites understand a little bit But I know I hope it's my prayer.
That's my takeaways my prayer is you it kind of started with Pastor Jerry yesterday he taught an amazing message And then we had an interview from someone from the alarm
organization and so go back and listen to that and get inspired take your notes and I hope it sparks a joy for you so just join us for the next two weeks as we unpack what missions look like here at DC and until then we'll see you next week.